Update docs around ISR revalidation (#25571)
vercel/next.js: docs/basic-features/data-fetching.md

`getStaticProps` should return an object with:

- `props` - An **optional** object with the props that will be received by the page component. It should be a [serializable object](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Serialization)

> - `revalidate` - An **optional** amount in seconds after which a page re-generation can occur. Defaults to `false`. When `revalidate` is `false` it means that there is no revalidation, so the page will cached as fetched until your next deployment. More on [Incremental Static Regeneration](#incremental-static-regeneration)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `revalidate` - An **optional** amount in seconds after which a page re-generation can occur. Defaults to `false`. When `revalidate` is `false` it means that there is no revalidation, so the page will be cached as built until your next build. More on [Incremental Static Regeneration](#incremental-static-regeneration)
```
